
B1.) We need to know the number of "progress" objects per-level-section. These will be used in computing over-all progress...

B2.) We need to decide how "free life" or "prize box" will influence level progress. For example, it could be strange to GAIN PROGRESS when an object automatically exits play field..?

B3.) We need a way to freeze the editor playback and skip to a particular frame.

B4.) We need to flag wave spawns as "kill me when all pop-ables are killed" or possibly rush-to-end. Needs to work with single or multiple spawns.

A1.) We need a way to turn threads on and off for wave spawns, perms, and perm spawns.

A2.) We need a generic styling mechanism (style controller) blueprint and object. 

A3.) We need a "start from pause start" and "start from pause end" option for several of the motion controllers.

01.) Win condition? We need to capture the win condition.

02.) Losing lives when balloons fly offscreen.

03.) Logic for bomb collisions (Spherical).

04.) We need to implement "OUCHIE" artwork for the brickhead FACE, toggle to ouchie face when it gets hit.

05.) We need to test out different animations for burting balloon. Possibly a fast-playing particle animation for the ripping plastic?

06.) We need a trail that can follow the dart as it flies through space.

07.) Editor needs way to print out which formation you are selecting... This will help is organizing...

08.) When editor launches game with all permanents, they immediately fly away after landing on screen. There should be some default or programmed-in alive timer...

09.) Alive timer and kill timer should be part of level section data.

10.) Alive timer and kill timer need flags for immediate-countdown versus "all waves complete" ? - we need to fully understand how this will work.

11.) We need to keep track of streaks.

12.) We need to keep track of particularily good throws. (like 6 balloons with 1 dart)..

13.) We need to keep track of some achievements!

14.) We need a level picker screen.

15.) We need to figure out purchases on Android.

16.) We need to figure out ads on Android.

17.) We need to bucket our formations into groups, which are easier to follow.

18.) We need to separate mixed type sectons, tracer sectons, wave sectons, permanents sectons.

19.) We need a lighting configuration setup again, the old one is broken.

20.) We need to get a sky / gradient / background sprite drawing on the 3-D pass..

21.) We need to get clouds moving around on the 2-D part of the 3-D scene...

22.) We need an animation of a little bird flting around.

23.) We need 5 or 6 "ripping plastic" extremely fast 6 frame animations.

24.) We need a system to organize level sections.

25.) We need to implement free life balloon.

26.) We need to implement "prize box".

27.) We need to add flying cool stars on level-complete animation.

28.) We need to show a progress bar for how close you are to finishing level.

29.) We need to start thinking about how you will earn 1, 2, or 3 stars per level.

30.) We want a method to make motion controllers not activate until object is stationary on screen for WAVES.

31.) We want a method to make motion controllers not activate until object is stationary on screen for PERMS.

32.) We need a motion type "clockwork" which does X degree turns, then waits for Y seconds starting from Y offset.

33.) We need a grid type TRAPEZOID-1.

34.) We need a grid type TRAPEZOID-2.

35.) We need a grid type ARC.

36.) We need a grid type SPIRAL.

37.) We need to implement CTRL+C, CTRL+V copy + pastr.

38.) We need to be able to DELETE a WAVE SPAWN (Selected)

39.) We need to be able to DELETE a PERM SPAWN (Selected)

40.) We need an occasional "gleam" / sparkle animation that emminates from the tip of the dart.

41.) We need TYPES to be bart of FORMATION CONFIGURATION. (Optional) This could also reduce the number of existing formations.

42.) We need an improved achievement manager which uses hash tables. This can be optional, but nice to have.

43.) The dart fizzle animation should shoot off small white stars which fade rather quickly and look good.

44.) We need to make the balloon threads bounce slightly when the balloons stop moving vertically.

45.) We need to remove the balloon thread from ballons which are being held captive by a turtle.

46.) We need "restart wave", "back one wave", and "forward one wave" buttons for test-game-from-editor mode.

47.) We need to improve the brickhead FACE + HIT FACE...

48.) Since we will have a lot of "Sections" - we need some way to quickly browse and test out sections... This should have some sub-tasks...

49.) We also need to draw boundary thingies for the sides of the screen, top of the screen, and bottom of the screen. The assumption is that we will always be within certain "perspective" warp-factors. Basically, the stuff looks horrible if the screen is too wide...

50.) When the dart rotates back down, there should be a small threshold for which the tip rotates in towards the screen instead of to the side...

51.) We need to draw an AIM ARROW, possibly in 3-D

52.) We need to render trajectory path for dart / possibly tip of dart? Which is preferred? Tip has awkward movement...

53.) We need to be able to mark nodes as "auto-scatter" - e.g. when all the balloons (kill-ables) are killed, the rest of the objects "scatter" or quickly somehow vanish (falling or going to side)

54.) We need a simple 2-D arrow image which shows where the dart will go...

55.) [Editor] We want a method to copy / paste MOTION controllers from one permanent to another.

56.) [Editor] We want a method to copy / paste MOTION controllers from one permanent spawn node to another.

57.) [Editor] We want a method to copy / paste MOTION controllers from one wave spawn node to another.

58.) Game Test Editor. We need speed control for test game.

59.) Game Test Editor. Require a way to KILL CURRENT WAVE in TEST MODE.

60.) We need to change the rotation behavior for extremely tight arcs.

61.) We need a graphic for "+25", "+50", "+75", "+100", "+200", "+300", "+400", "+500"

62.) Chaining?

63.) We need to build out 5 "medium" sections which use ONLY BALLOONS

64.) We need to build out 5 "medium" sections which use Balloons + Bricks (sparringly)

65.) We need to build out 5 "medium" sections which use Balloons + Turtles (sparringly)

66.) We need to memory leak test several scenarios.



DONE.) [Editor] (Possibly Optional) We need the grid editor to be available for path editor, we need to snap path nodes to grid points...

DONE.) We need to implement original artwork for the brickhead FACE.

DONE.) We need to attach the spining propeller to the turtle so that the rot / scale are bound to the turtle, but it spins around its axis.

DONE.) We need to come up with a collision mechanism for the turtle. The dart should not get stuck in the propeller or top of the "cup" - therefore the dart should somehow "die and fall down" possibly flashing, spinning. and falling.

DONE.) We need to SAVE all filters, search terms, and scroll offset from FORMATION PICKER. There are just too many of them. To quickly try out several, we need to open and close this thing many times.

DONE.) We need a reset / clear button for formation picker, which wipes out all filters and scrolls back to home position...

DONE.) We have a layout crash when transitioning from editor to TEST game.

DONE.) We have lots of garbage / junk buttons in the editor which are not used. We need to remove these because they are distracting.

DONE.) When turtle's balloon is popped, the turtle should be removed from the play area in a clever, animated fashion.

DONE.) [Editor] We want a way to move the grid center, reset the grid center.

DONE.) Implement NGON-2 grid method using scanlines + staggering...

DONE.) Mock model for "Bomb"

DONE.) We need a swirling BILLBOARD animation for the turtle's spinning propeller.

DONE.) We need to implement the "turtle" to carry a balloon.

DONE.) We DESPERATELY need a RESTART BUTTON for test-game-from-editor mode.

DONE.) Every single formation needs to be redone considering that speed is no longer being considered.

DONE.) Every single formation needs to have the GRID state it was saved with baked into the file. This way we can re-load formations and switch the types..

DONE.) There are too many formations, due to variable speed. From now on, a formation's speed should be editable from the SPAWN ATTACH menu. We must make adjustments to the format accordingly.

DONE.) Motion Controller / Animations are not working for WAVE SPAWNS...

DONE.) Motion Controller / Animations are not working for Perm (Base)...

DONE.) The balloon "pop mark" animation should scale up, linger briefly, and rapidly scale down before disappearing.

DONE.) Editor crashes when using bombs.

DONE.) Editor crashes when using "turtles."

DONE.) We need an "aim arc" which shows where the dart will go.

DONE.) BrickHeads have no "dissipate" mechanism. When a wave with brickheads ends, they just sit there on the screen...

DONE.) Turtles have no "dissipate" mechanism. When a wave with turtles ends, they just sit there on the screen...

DONE.) We need a new scheme for a SEQUENCE of PACKED model data.

DONE.) We need to verify the SEQUENCE of PACKED model data for butterfly + billboard with sprite sequence... 

DONE.) We need to remove the old FModelDataSequence, this will not work anymore going forward.

DONE.) We need to remove the render functionality from the old model data indexed, this will not work going forward...

DONE.) We need a game / pause menu.

DONE.) We need a main menu.

DONE.) We need the "wind" to pick up, sway, die down, and change directions in a semi-realistic fashion...

DONE.) When brick is hit, it should rumble. The dart should be stuck for ~2 secs and then dissappear...

DONE.) Collisions with "brick head" - the dart should get stuck inside of it.

DONE.) Mock model for "Turtle"

DONE.) Show lives indicators at top-right of screen.

DONE.) Show pause button at the top-left of screen.

DONE.) We need a format to export PACKED 3-D models.

DONE.) Need way to dynamically choose proper image scale + image resolution as device size changes...

DONE.) We need a new BOLD system font. The old one doesn't work anymore.

DONE.) We need a new system font. The old one doesn't work anymore.

DONE.) Convert XML bundle load to use JSON.

DONE.) Spawning mode for "waves only" does not need to animate in..

DONE.) Section enter / leave condition for previous / current section is not synchronized.

DONE.) Section enter / leave should randomly pick between right and left.

DONE.) First section should enter from the TOP, unless it contains no permanents.

DONE.) Sections need timer. When all waves have passed and only "perms" are left, sections need timer for when all sections fly away...

DONE.) Need way to synchronize the fly-out direction and fly-in direction.

DONE.) Need way to wait for fly-out when "all waves" section spawns, so we don't need to fly in? Alternatively we can just always fly in and not notice the fly-in?

DONE.) Sections transitions with and without "perms" required to have work.

DONE.) Need way to prevent fly-in and fly-out from happening simultaneously.

DONE.) Multiple sections per level... We need to come up with a scheme to get this fully working.

DONE.) Require a scrolling text bubble marquee of level sections as they are loaded up... So we can see which sections spawn when...

DONE.) Need to be able to quickly load test_section_x so we can look at them. Perhaps Ctrl + Shift + 1, 2, 3, etc?























